<h3>The real reason for Brains:</h3>
<h5>1.	Based on DW's talk; discuss how you think learning about movement might help to inform your approach to designing systems?</h5>
	<p>Movement has many different variables and unique characteristics. In order to develop proper data from movement the organism which is moving must properly be observed. The way an organism moves can determine a lot about the current state in which that being is currently in. This can help design better systems because gaining proper data can be achieved in a far better way. Using this knowledge movement can properly be obsoleted and data can be collected in a superior way.</p>
<h5>2.	Since this talk was aired in 2011, beyond Baysian inference, what other techniques have been applied to these issues?</h5>
	<p>Many other techniques have been discovered and applied to the field of movement. An example of a more recent form would be motion tracking. Now that accurate data can easily be collected predictions can be made on the movement of an individual through trends in their recent behavior.</p>
<h3>History of Interaction:</h3>
<h5>1.	Why is understanding the history of interaction important for current designers?</h5>
	<p>The history on interaction can help guide and improve the current state of computers by recognizing the issues of the computing of the past and furthering the computing of the future. The history should influence the future; people should learn from mistakes and from advancements. This is true in politics and it is true in computer interaction. I think that how society is advancing or progressing must be a factor of current designers. Importantly, I think that Meta made a big mistake when they focus on these embodied interactions by failing to consider people’s exhaustion with computer-based interactions. People were ready to transition to people, not to more computers. I think they failed to consider humans and their needs.</p>

<h5>2.	How will understanding interaction help us navigate emerging technologies -- AR, XR etc.</h5>
	<p>The emerging technologies of XR (including AR, VR and MR) will continue to expand and grow, impacting how humans interact with computers. Ideas and concepts will continue to grow and impact interactions. Dourish discusses some of these ideas even though his publication was much earlier than these advancements. For example, From Tangible and Social Computing to Embodied Interaction focuses on how human abilities are being integrated into computer development and how there is an emphasis on social interaction. This is very true in relation to the technologies used during the pandemic. People had to adjust to how they interacted with one another and the advancements in technologies made it possible. </p>
<h5>3.	Can you summarize the history of Human Computer Interaction from this paper (in 2 paragraphs) </h5>
	<p>While Dourish attempts to discuss the history of Human Computer Interaction, it is impossible to summarize its history in just one chapter. However, Dourish’s approach focuses on the evolution through four separate phases of development: electrical, symbolic, textual and graphical. In relation to electrical, this is considered the first phase of the growing computer machine. It is not as relevant as it once was due to the evolution and change of computers. There are no longer very many boundaries in relation to the electrical development. The next phase is symbolic. This is the phase in which symbols could be used to program computers and programming became more accessible. In other words, specialized content was not as critical as in previous times. Symbolic features provided a much greater range of the potential of computers.  The third phase is the textual phase. While there are similarities between the symbolic and textual phases, there is also a district difference that Dourish points out. The distinction is that text became the primary form of interaction with computers. Text is the interface used between the system and the user. Dourish’s final phase is graphical and is defined as the most significant transition. There was a distinct and defined movement from text to icons and symbols as a form of computing. The symbolic phase also included the movement from one- to two dimensional interactions.</p>
	<p>The symbolic stage is the stage we are all experiences right now as computer users. It is the end of Dourish’s phases, but the start of the new world of computing that is continuing to grow and expand. There are key components to this phase including: peripheral attention, pattern recognition and spatial reasoning, information density, and visual metaphors. Progress has certainly been made in these areas since Dourish’s article, and there have been expansion in areas like artificial intelligence and special effects.</p>
